# README
project problems 
In recent years, as the world population growth, existing land and natural resources decreased, the precision agriculture is increasingly capturing more attention of the researchers . The application of image processing technology can accurately identify field weed. The operation of herbicides with fixed point and quantitative spraying are becoming the major research direction of precision agriculture of weeding technology []. 
Objectives  
For the optimal, site-specific application of herbicides, the weed population has to be determined over the field. This can only be done in an economic way by automating the weed detection and evaluation (Wartenberg, 1996). The result of weed detection is a weed map that can be used for determining the site-specific treatment of weeds. When a weed map is recorded, weed detection and treatment can be performed at different times and from different platforms. Another approach is on-line weed detection, where detection and treatment are performed at the same time. An advantage of on-line weed detection is the timeliness of the weed evaluation; the treatment can be adjusted to the local weed pressure at a critical time for crop growth.
For site-specific crop protection, weed treatment is based on local weed populations. The criterion for spraying could be a simple on/off control: spray when there is a weed, do not spray when there is no weed. This strategy can yield a considerable reduction in herbicide use for weeds that grow in patches and that are treated with specific products, like grasses and thistle (Donald, 1994; Rew et al., 1997). Weed thresholds can also be used in site-specific crop protection. Herbicide use will be determined by the possible yield loss that the local weed population can cause. The possible yield loss can be estimated when the type of weed and the weed density is known. A very important factor in the yield loss caused by weeds is the relative age or growth of crop and weeds (Cousens et al., 1987; Kropff, 1988). A high density of small weeds in a relatively older and bigger crop will not cause a big reduction in yield, while a few relatively bigger weeds can cause a substantial yield loss. The relative age of the crop and weed can be taken into account when the yield loss prediction is based on relative weed cover: the ratio of soil covered by weeds to soil covered by crop (Cousens et al., 1987). The relative weed cover can be a good criterion on which to base site-specific treatment of weeds.
A number or researchers have explored image processing as a means to identify crop and weeds. Textural and shape-based methods have been investigated for weed and crop identification (Guyer et al., 1986; Franz et al., 1995; Favier et al., 1999; Zang and Chaisattapagon, 1995; Woebbecke et al., 1995). Shape and texture analysis are sensitive to canopy overlap, leaf orientation, camera focussing and wind effect, while colour classification systems are less sensitive to these factors (El-Faki et al., 2000a). El-Faki et al. (2000a, b) used colour analysis based on (RGB) colour images for identifying crop and weed. They used the red colour of leaves or stems of some weed species as the discriminating criterion. Using relative colour indices, they were able to identify the weeds Sorghum halepense L., Amaranthus retroflexus L. and Setaria lutescens (Weigel) Hubb in the crops soybean and weeds Polygonum convolvulus L., Bromus secalinus L. and Convolvulus arvensis L. in wheat. Up to 54.9% and 62.2% of the weed stem pixels were correctly classified as weed in soybean crop and wheat crop (El-Faki et al., 2000a). Because the reddish colours on the stems of some weed species vary as the plants grow, an in-field calibration procedure will be needed to make the classifiers more adaptive to different circumstances. Burks et al. (2000a) combined colour texture analysis with neural networks to classify 5 weed species. Images were taken under controlled light conditions. The neural network could achieve over 90% correct classification for each weed species. Using discriminant analysis, comparable classification results were obtained (Burks et al., 2000b). Tian et al. (1997) worked on a method to solve the problem of the changing light in outdoor conditions. The variations in light make it very difficult to set colour or intensity boundaries for separating plants from background (segmentation). They developed an environmentally adaptive classification system, so the changing light conditions do not cause errors in segmentation. More recent research involves using genetic algorithms to get the optimal segmentation of colour images of crop and weeds (Tang et al., 2000). The genetic algorithm-based segmentation performs as well as cluster analysis and could overcome the effects of variable outdoor lighting conditions with an acceptable error range (Tang et al., 2000).
